Assignment
For this assignment I have chosen a Tamil movie named “Vikram Vedha”. This movie was remade by Bollywood with the same name “Vikram Vedha” but by different actors & in Hindi.  From the IMDb website I have extracted the data required – the number of voters, the ratings of the movie & also the frequency of the votes. I have recorded all the data into an Excel Sheet.  
a) I have performed statistical operations mean & median on the above data. The actual IMDb rating is 8.2 but the mean I have calculated is 8.61 and the median is between 7 & 8.
b) Now, when it comes to choosing the most suitable option for calculating the rating of a movie. From the above observations, the mean appears more accurate as it is closer to the actual rating. Therefore, I’d say mean would be a better/suitable method for the overall rating.
c) The actual rating of the remake is 7.1. For this movie, the calculated mean came out to be 6.80 and the median is again between 7-8 and nearly 8. So, this is enough to say mean is more reliable and accurate.
d) When it comes to comparing both the movies, first we will compare them according to the actual imdb ratings, then we will compare them by their calculated means as mean is a reliable option. Now when I compared the imdb ratings of both the movies, the original has a higher rating and is more liked. Same goes for the means, the calculated mean or rating of the original movie is significantly higher than the remake. There may be quite a few reasons for this. From my point of view, I think it is obvious than an original movie is more welcomed and entertaining by the audience as it fresh and new. The remake is just the same movie enacted by the Bollywood actors. This is one of the main reasons for the difference in ratings. The movie I have chosen is a Tamil movie and was played by famous actors that are loved or well-known by both the zones of India (North as well as the South). The actors of the remade movie are not well known by the South and the South may have thought that the actors have not played the roles as good as the original ones did. Therefore, it has more negative ratings for the remade movie which may have made the average rating comes down even if the movie received multiple top ratings. 
e) In conclusion, firstly, I have observed that arithmetic mean is most reliable method and most probably IMDb would have also used the mean method. But we wouldn’t know exactly which method has been used by the IMDb website to calculate the rating as from what I have heard the IMDb website filters out its voters and doesn’t consider all the votes. Hence, our mean is different and varies from the imdb rating as we have taken all votes into account. Secondly, after the comparison between both the movies in terms of imdb rating and the calculated means, I’d say the original movie is more successful than the remake one. 
